h1. Presentation

@tex-templates@ is a collection of LaTeX styles for different usages.

h2. Slides

@tex-templates@ provides styles for creating slides with the Beamer tool.
- "CIAD Laboratory":https://ciad-lab.fr located at the "Université de Technologie de Belfort-Montbéliard":http://www.utbm.fr and the "Université Bourgogne Europe":http://www.ube.fr "[download]":./presentations/ciad-2025


h2. PhD Theses

@tex-templates@ provides the official styles for writing a PhD thesis in the following Universities:
- "Université de Technologie de Belfort-Montbéliard":http://www.utbm.fr "[download part 1]":./spim/shared/sty "[download part 2]":./spim/shared/bst "[download part 3]":./spim/utbm/spimutbmphdthesis
- "Université Bourgogne Europe":http://www.ube.fr "[download part 1]":./spim/shared/sty "[download part 2]":./spim/shared/bst "[download part 3]":./spim/utbm/spimubephdthesis
- "Université Marie et Louis Pasteur":http://www.umlp.fr "[download part 1]":./spim/shared/sty "[download part 2]":./spim/shared/bst "[download part 3]":./spim/utbm/spimumlpphdthesis

Examples for these PhD thesis styles may be found at: http://www.ciad-lab.fr/

h2. French Research Supervision Accreditation

@tex-templates@ provides the unofficial styles for preparing a French Research Supervision Accredidation (In French: Habilitation à diriger des rerchers - HDR):
- Application document for "Université Bourgogne Europe":http://www.ube.fr "[download part 1]":./spim/shared/sty "[download part 2]":./spim/shared/bst "[download part 3]":./spim/ube/spimubehdrapplication
- HDR report for "Université Bourgogne Europe":http://www.ube.fr "[download part 1]":./spim/shared/sty "[download part 2]":./spim/shared/bst "[download part 3]":./spim/ube/spimubehdr


h2. Technical Reports

@tex-templates@ provides the styles for writing the technical reports of the "CIAD Laboratory":https://ciad-lab.fr at the "Université de Technologie de Belfort-Montbéliard":http://www.utbm.fr

- Technical or Scientific report style "[download]":./reports/utbmciad-2025

h2. Conference Papers

@tex-templates@ provides the styles for the following conferences:
- IngéDoc at the "Université de Technologie de Belfort-Montbéliard":http://www.utbm.fr "[download]":./papers/ingedoc

h1. Installation

# For the reports, install the "@tex-upmethodology@ collection of packages":http://www.arakhne.org/tex-upmethodology (also available on CTAN, and included in the major TeX distributions)
# Copy the content of the current directory inside one of your @texmf@ directory, usually @/usr/share/texmf/tex/latex/tex-templates@ or @$HOME/.texmf@ on Unix operating systems.
# Update the LaTeX databases from the command line:

 $> mktexlsr
 $> update-updmap --quiet

h2. Author

Prof.Dr. Stéphane GALLAND

http://www.arakhne.org/homes/galland.html
http://www.ciad-lab.fr/galland_stephane

h2. License

GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE for the source code.
The logos are owned by the corresponding institutions.


